h1. Piano

Because Apple hates you.

h2. What is it?

Piano is a simple Sinatra app that displays your iTunes download data. It lets you browse your applications and view daily reports with totals and graphs. Its still a little rough but its getting there. Maybe you want to help?

h2. How does it work?

Apple hates you. Why else would they give you such terrible sales statistics? Number of downloads? Yeah, that really helps a ton. They don't even respect you enough to give you a total for your daily sales.

Piano gets your daily stats for your iPhone applications and stores them in a local sqlite database. Now we can interact with the data like you wish you could on Apple's site.

h2. Dependencies

h3. Gems

* Sinatra
* Mechanize
* ActiveRecord
* Yaml
* sqlite3-ruby
* googlecharts


h3. Other stuff

* sqlite

h2. Getting Started!

h3. Create the database

<code>rake db:migrate</code>

h3. Set up configs

Enter your authentication info in _config/config.yml_. _itunes_connect_ is your iTunes Connect login information. Piano is login information for Piano. You know, so you don't publish your sales data to the world. 

h3. Get today's reports

<code>ruby lib/get_reports.rb</code>

h3. Start application

<code>ruby piano.rb</code>

Voila. There's all your reports.

Set up a cron for get_reports.rb so it automatically fetches your reports every day.

h2. What's next?

Piano doesn't do much yet. But its just getting started. Soon it will:

* Dashboard showing total downloads
* View reports by product or country
* Sweet awesome graphs
* authentication even